[Computer]
Landing sequence complete.
Welcome to Planet Namek.
You are now
clear to disembark.
Opening outer hatch.
[Goku] Right, now I have
to find everybody, quick.
Just be alive...
Gohan... Krillin... Bulma...
There's someone over there...
And another there...
Wow. When they said
there were some
insanely strong guys here,
they weren't kidding.
Gohan! And Krillin!
They're hurt...
They're both just barely
hanging on...
They're in the same
place, near those three
other huge
powers I'm sensing.
It's okay, guys...
I'll be right there.
It's finally time for me
to put all that training
at 100-times
gravity to the test!
♪ Opening Song ♪
[charging sounds]
[yelling]
K-Kakarot, you bastard.
So you finally
decided to show up.
[Recoome yelling]
Gohan...
Here, son. I brought
you a senzu bean. Eat it.
Gohan! Hey! Gohan!
No good...
His neck's broken.
He prob'ly can't hear me.
But it's alright...
I'll feed it to you and get
you fixed right up, okay?
Hey, you! Who are you?!
What'd you think you're
doin, chargin in here?!
You know these losers?!
Here we go Gohan
just try to swallow...
Huh! Feel better?
It's you... Dad!
Y-You're really here!
What the-- That kid was
almost dead a second ago!
Yeah, how'd he do that?
[Goku] There. Good as new.
[Gohan] Dad, you have to
be careful with these guys.
[Goku] Don't worry,
we'll get to that.
But first we need
to get one of these
senzu beans
to Krillin, right?
Yeah... Right...
[Goku] So you've had it
pretty rough here, huh?
[Gohan] Mm-hm... I didn't
think we were gonna make it.
What happened to Vegeta?
He's looking
pretty beat up, too.
That big guy... Vegeta tried
to fight him before we did...
but he was just too
strong for any of us.
[laughing] Goku...
Krillin... Sorry it
took me so long.
Here... Senzu bean?
[laughing]
Yeah, thanks buddy...
but I'm not sure it'll help.
What? Of course it will.
Now he's back
on his feet, too...
What is going on
around here? For real.
Look, man...
I know you can already
sense it yourself...
how strong these guys are?
Sure the senzu
bean fixed me up,
but we're just gonna
get clobbered again!
I'm sorry, but we don't have
a chance-- not even you!
Their power is just
at a whole other level.
You shoulda' seen it.
Even Vegeta was getting
knocked around like he--
Right... Him too... I heard.
But I don't get it, why was
Vegeta fighting these guys?
Aren't they all
on the same side?
Well, they were, but things
sorta got complicated...
[Goku] You don't need to
explain... I'll feel it out.
[Krillin] Y-You'll what?
Oh... So that's it.
I saw the whole story...
I saw the Grand Elder
and how he gave you
two that big power boost.
And I saw that
Bulma's still safe...
And the part about Frieza, and
the Dragon Balls being taken,
and even these
Ginyu guys-- I got it all.
What?! That's crazy! I mean,
since when do you know
how to read minds?!
Well... I dunno. I wasn't
really sure it would work...
I just had a feeling.
I also saw that Vegeta's
still as nasty as ever...
but when it came down to it,
he still saved you guys,
so I guess we owe him one.
Wow... Goku... You are
seriously freakin' me out here.
This is the last
senzu bean, huh?
Hey Vegeta!
That's for you! Eat it!
Wait! No! You said
that's the last one, right?!
Don't... waste it!
What's happening...?!
What're you thinking?!
Even if you heal Vegeta
and we all fight as a team...
it won't do any good!
I have my reasons, Krillin...
I wanna make sure
Vegeta stays in good shape
for our rematch back on Earth.
Your rematch back on Earth?
Are you serious?
--Yeah.
--Hey... wait...
Stay here... I'll take
care of these Ginyu guys.
What?! All of them,
all by yourself?!
He means it...
[Recoome chuckling]
You really think you got
what it takes to beat us, huh?
Yeah, you're real funny.
Oh, man... This has
to be the worst idea ever...
Does Goku really not
sense how strong they are?
These Ginyus are
way out of our league!
I-I dunno, Krillin...
something's different...
Now, how 'bout I
crack you up, Funny Man.
Hey! Tell me the new
guy's power level
so I don't kill
him with one shot!
You might not be
able to help yourself!
[Burter] He's only
about five-thousand!
What?! Aw, man...
Is that really all you got?!
I shoulda' figured
you were all talk.
I don't understand why is
Kakarot so unusually calm?
Surely he realizes
what he's up against...
But still... He's
completely at ease...
He hasn't even bothered
to put up his guard.
Wait! Has he--
Has he actually done it...?
Oh, wait...
I get it... You're nuts!
Right? You got some kind of sick
death wish or somethin'?
[smirk]
Huh? Yeah, that settles it.
You're crazy. Here I am
about to kill you and you're
smiling like an idiot.
Listen, you can't beat me.
I can tell without
even fighting you.
[laughing]
You got a million
of 'em, don'tcha?!
You boys hear that?!
Funny Man's still
tellin' jokes over here!
I'm about to keel over
I'm laughin' so hard.
Whoa... maybe... he
really has gone crazy...
I know he never
used to talk smack
to his opponents like that.
Yeah, it's...
not like him... I don't get it.
I've never seen him
act like this before.
I-It... couldn't be... No...
That...
That would be impossible...
Kakarot, that low-class scum?
There's no way someone like him
could become a Super Saiyan!
Thanks for all the laughs, guy,
but I think I've heard about as
much from you as I wanna hear.
I say it's time we wipe that
smile off your face for good.
No... According to
all the old legends...
it's been over a thousand
years... since one appeared...
A Super Saiyan--
a warrior who was able to break
free of his normal limitations
to achieve an
unprecedented level of power!
But those were
just old stories,
I never actually
believed them...
And... even if they are true,
only an elite warrior like
myself would have the potential
to ascend to those heights--
not some fool like Kakarot!
[Recoome] Okay, you ready?!
Lights out, Funny Man.
[howling]
Now feel the power!
Of... Recoome!
Die!
He's gone!
Um... But where?
That's strange... Did
you see what happened?
What's that?!
How'd you get there?!
Yeah! You punk!
He's over there! Whoa...
[Krillin thinking]
So that's it...
That's what had
Vegeta so freaked out...
He's the only one who
actually saw Goku move...
You guys are all working
for this Frieza character
I've heard so
much about, right?
I'll give you one last chance to
leave this planet peacefully...
If I were you, I would take it.
What?! How'd we miss?!
[Recoome]
Alright, you little bastard...
You got yourself some
speed, I'll give you that.
But... It doesn't
change nothin'.
You can't win if
all ya' do is run!
Still, if that's how you wanna
play it, fine... I'm game.
I got a move I save special
just for dealin' with
freaks like you.
Go ahead! Try and run!
When I'm done, this whole
place is gonna be a pile of ash!
And I'm gonna be
standin' on top!
[Vegeta thinking]
This is it.
Kakarot's moment of truth...
I'm gonna blast all of
four of you off the map
with this one shot!
[electric charging sounds]
Bye-Bye! Heh!
Gah! Recoome...!
Ultra Fighting...!
Miracle Attack...!
[boom]
[gasping]
There. Done? Sorry,
but you did kinda' leave
yourself wide open there,
y'know? Bad move.
Not... funny...
[Gohan]
Did... Dad just win...?
You're kidding!
How could he?!
Even if Goku did
catch him off guard...
This is still the same guy
that you, me, Vegeta--
we couldn't put so much
as a scratch on him!
And Goku floored
him with one punch...?
Am I seeing things here?
Is... Is Recoome down...?
No... After one shot?
That was barely a tap!
Damn... Kakarot...!
The others may not
have seen what happened,
but you can't fool my eyes!
That was no ordinary attack.
The amount of
force he channeled
into that single point--
it was devastating...
There's no question that
Kakarot has surpassed
the normal limitations
of a Saiyan warrior...
but... but how?
Some sort of special training?
Could the legend
really be true?
Has Kakarot become...
become...
a Super Saiyan?!
[Goku]
What's it going to be, you two?
Leave here and go back to
wherever it is you came from?
Or stay...
...and wind up like
your friend here?
You believe this guy?
I think Recoome had
him pegged from the start.
He's obviously got
a few screws loose.
Yeah... Delusions of
grandeur, from the sounds of it.
He knocks Recoome out,
and suddenly he's
king of the world!
One lucky shot.
That's all it was.
And he only got it because
Recoome was an idiot.
Right... It was just a fluke,
it won't happen again...
He's a joke!
His power level barely even
made a blip on the scouters.
Wh-What's he doing now?
He's... gonna fight
'em both at once?
[Gohan] I think so...
Ready?
Yeah...
It's the Ginyu Force Red Magma!
Jeice!
And! Here comes the
Blue Hurricane! Burter!
So I guess you're not leaving...
Let's go!
Now!
Now you listen to us, little
man. We'll tell you--
[kapow]
[screaming]
Why-Why you...!
Hmmm? Now, what were you saying?
Sorry, but you guys really do
leave yourselves wide open.
That's it!
We're done talking!
Wa--
You're dead!
[Goku yelling]
[screaming]
What was that?! Where'd he
get that power all of a sudden?
Unreal... It's...
like he just flexed his
muscles and sent 'em flyin'...!
Maybe we were wrong...
Maybe these two Ginyu guys
aren't really as strong as
we were afraid they were...
They can't even lay
a finger on my Dad.
Uh-uh... I don't think
that's it. You feel it?
They're both puttin'
out a ton of power...
They're at least as
strong as that Recoome,
and he was a monster!
It's hard to believe...
But maybe Goku's
just so strong now
he's making 'em
look like pushovers.
Yeah... I thought that...
But if that's true, shouldn't we
be sensing Dad's energy too?
This... this doesn't
make any sense!
The scouter doesn't lie!
His power level is
only 5,000! No mistake!
Those fools...
It's obvious that Kakarot is
suppressing his power level,
then raising it sharply in
the exact instant he attacks...
He's holding every
last ounce of energy
in reserve until he needs it.
And when he strikes,
it's such a brief flash
that not even those advanced
scouters are able to detect it.
But, how much
power is he concealing?
just how strong has
Kakarot actually become?!
'Kay...that does it!
This puny little maggot is not
gonna make a fool outta me!
Hey, Jeice!
I say it's time we break out
the Purple Comet Crush!
Been a while since we dusted
that one off. Sounds good.
Let's end this clown!
[Burter] Oh yeah!
[yelling]
[Jeice and Burter]
Purple Comet Crush!
That's it!
What are those idiots doing?!
Don't they know it's impolite
to keep a lady waiting?!
This is ridiculous!
And that goes for Goku, too.
I don't care if he is flying
halfway across the galaxy,
there's no excuse
for being late!
I am ready to get
off this rock, now!
The sun here is murder
on my complexion!
And if I get so
much as a blemish,
then somebody's gonna pay!
[explosion]
[yelling]
Come! On! Somebody
please just take me home!
Did we get 'im or what?!
You have gotta be kidding me...
[Burter] Jeice...
[Jeice] What is it, Burter?
Let's go for Plan B...
You'll fire your
Crusher Ball... Right?
Our speedy little friend
here is gonna try to dodge it,
and when he does--
[Jeice] Yeah? Then what?
[Burter] What do you think?
I'll swing around and
slam him from the back...
I don't care how fast he is,
I'm the fastest in the universe!
By the time he sees me comin',
he'll already be a grass stain.
Right. Let's do it.
So now we've been reduced to
petty sneak attacks. All right!
Crusher...!
Ball!
Now, make your move...
Damn it! Hurry and dodge!
He deflected it?! What?!
Wait!
Curse you!
C'mon... Where
the heck did he go?
Burter, behind you!
Hey.
What? Nobody outflanks me...!
I'm Burter! I'm the fastest
in the whole universe!
Well, maybe the
second fastest now.
[Jeice thinking]
What is going on?!
No one brushes off my
Crusher Ball like that!
And nobody puts
the moves on Burter!
It's like something
straight out of a nightmare!
What are you?!
I'm a Saiyan who was
raised on Earth... That help?
You lie!
How could some stupid Saiyan
monkey ever be faster than me?!
Don't know.
Maybe... Maybe I just train
harder than you?
Whatever. It doesn't
matter! No--
You won't be able
to run forever!
I'll wear you down...
And as soon as your speed
starts to fail... you're mine!
Ha!
Damn it!
I've had enough of this maggot!
Noone makes fools out
of the Ginyu Force!
[Burter] Ha! It's all you
can do just to dodge me!
You can't even fight back!
[Goku]
I wouldn't be so sure.
Idiot!
'tha hell you're
kicking me for?!
Relax, Burter...
This is no time for us to be
fighting between ourselves...
Yeah... Right...
[Goku] Excuse me...
But this is your last chance...
Quit... Now...
Or I will fight back.
[Narrator]
Three Ginyus are down,
only two remain!
The battle continues,
next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[Goku] Hey! It's me, Goku!
Wow, this guy
looks like a tough one...
[Ginyu] Thanks to
you, all of our
special Ginyu Force
fighting poses are ruined!
I slaved over
that choreography!
You'll pay for this, or my
name isn't Captain Ginyu!
[Goku] Okay, but I
warn you, I won't hold back!
Next time on Dragon Ball Z Kai,
[Ginyu] Don't miss my
fabulous Ultra Fighting Pose!